Streams will likely sound familiar to you at this point.
Like the underlying Kafka topics that power them,
streams are simply in-ordered series of immutable events.
As new events occur,
they're added to the stream.
The output of many stream processing applications are themselves streams.
Earlier in the lesson,
we discussed filtering and remapping.
These are common examples of scenarios in which
a stream processing application might emit another stream.
So here, we're simply emitting new events based on incoming events.
We're not performing any aggregation,
data comes in the Kafka for multiple streams,
flows through our stream processor,
and we simply event another form of message or event.
Streams are used in many stream processing workflows.
Data enrichment is a great example of
a scenario in which we might take advantage of a stream.
Pretend that we are working for a ride-sharing company again.
This time, we might want to simply add some properties to
an existing stream to help improve
the processing capabilities of downstream applications.
For example, we might want to calculate
the walking distance of the user's destination from where they are currently located.
So here, we have a search,
and we're going to add walking distance to that search and then re-emit it.
This information might be useful to our data science team to
help them better understand when users ride share over-walking.
In this scenario, we're simply ingesting the data,
adding the walking distance,
and then emitting a new version of the same event into a stream,
which then our data scientists can actually go ahead and use.
We could just as easily have filtered out or
modified the structure of the input topic data,
and I've created another output stream.
The key takeaway here though is that streams are not aggregates.
They are boundless order immutable set of events.
Events come in, we change the event, and the event goes out.